README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
# YetAnotherSkyblockMod

My contribution to the collection of horribly made mods created because of Hypixel Skyblock.

</div>

## About

YetAnotherSkyblockMod (or YASM for short) is my contribution to the
collection of horribly made mods created because of Hypixel Skyblock.

Configure the mod with `/yasm`

## Discord

[![widget](https://inv.wtf/widget/djl)](https://inv.wtf/djl)

## Features

- Hide other HUD mods in skyblock (See the table below for currently supported mods)
- Hide absorption hearts in skyblock
- Slayer boss oof sound (requires oof mod)
- Quickly report party advertisement bots with `/preport` or `/partyreport`

## Curently Supported Mods

| Mod | Tested Mod Version  | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | :--- |
| [Powns' Potion HUD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI4p-2eK7yw) | 1.0 | Download link in video description
| [Powns' Armor HUD](https://download.powns.dev/armorhud189) | 1.1 | Hides all 5 elements
| [Oof Mod](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUelJG5kGK0) | 2.0.2 | Required for slayer boss oof
| [Patcher](https://sk1er.club/mods/patcher) | 1.5.1 | Hides damage, count and enchant glance, hides armor protection percentage

Commit message:

v1.3 fix: crashes with oofmod v3 add: oof mod sound selector add: sk1er and canelex keystrokes support

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
# YetAnotherSkyblockMod

My contribution to the collection of horribly made mods created because of Hypixel Skyblock.

</div>

## About

YetAnotherSkyblockMod (or YASM for short) is my contribution to the
collection of horribly made mods created because of Hypixel Skyblock.

Configure the mod with `/yasm` or `yetanotherskyblockmod`

## Discord

[![widget](https://inv.wtf/widget/djl)](https://inv.wtf/djl)

## Features

- Hide other HUD mods in skyblock (See the table below for currently supported mods)
- Hide absorption hearts in skyblock
- Slayer boss oof sound (requires oof mod)
- Quickly report party advertisement bots with `/preport` or `/partyreport`

## Curently Supported Mods

| Mod | Tested Mod Version  | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | :--- |
| [Powns' Potion HUD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI4p-2eK7yw) | 1.0 | Download link in video description
| [Powns' Armor HUD](https://download.powns.dev/armorhud189) | 1.1 | Hides all 5 elements
| [Oof Mod](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUelJG5kGK0) | 2.0.2 | Required for slayer boss oof
| [Patcher](https://sk1er.club/mods/patcher) | 1.5.1 | Hides damage, count and enchant glance, hides armor protection percentage
| [Canelex's Keystrokes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dMg_NiFdjs) | 1.0 | Download link in video description
| [Sk1er Keystrokes](https://sk1er.club/mods/keystrokesmod) | 8.0.2 |
